Welcome back.
I want to talk to you about this idea of introspection and introspection in computer programming means
the ability to determine the type of an object at runtime.
What is runtime.
That is when the code is running.
You can determine the type of an object and it's actually one of Python's strengths because everything
in Python is an object.
We can examine.
We can introspect an object and actually figure out what our code does as we're coding and then running
and Python allows us to do introspection and inspect these objects with some nice helper functions this
one function is called dir and Der Well if I run this will give me all of the methods and attributes
that the wizard instant has.
So with a dir function we give it an instance and right away we get access to what it has access to.
Well we see that we have name power and sign in again.
We have the sign in from the user.
And then we have also attack from the Wizard class and this Ed that I'm using whenever I do dot is actually
using this ability of introspection to just list out these available methods for me just like I have
here.
So this is really useful when you're trying to figure out why you have access to but you may notice
something here.
We have a lot of these Dunder or magic methods that we haven't really talked about.
What are these and why are they so important in the next video.
We're going to tackle this question.
I'll see you now.
Bobby.